At times, I wish I could see
exactly what my future will be
And how my life will turn out
and which road is the right one for me.
But one thing’s for sure,
no matter what comes along,
I live for Jehovah,
to him I belong.
Of all the people and things
my life could be filled with,
The best one of all,
the best one to build with,
Is pleasing Jehovah each day
with the choices I make.
He gave me all that I have;
I’ll never forget it.
I’m safe in his hands;
I’ll never regret it.
I’m building my future with him
ev’ry step that I take.
At times, the chance comes along
to take a path I know to be wrong,
A path that leads me away
from the place that I know I belong.
But keeping in mind
the dedication I made
Can give me the firmness and faith
that won’t fade.
Of all the people and things
my life could be filled with,
The best one of all,
the best one to build with,
Is pleasing Jehovah each day
with the choices I make.
He gave me all that I have;
I’ll never forget it.
I’m safe in his hands;
I’ll never regret it.
I’m building my future with him
ev’ry step that I take.
I’m building a future
that never will end
If I build it with help
from Jehovah, my Friend.
The happiest moments,
the best life can give,
Come from pleasing Jehovah
each day that I live.
Of all the people and things
my life could be filled with,
The best one of all,
the best one to build with,
Is pleasing Jehovah each day
with the choices I make.
He gave me all that I have;
I’ll never forget it.
I’m safe in his hands;
I’ll never regret it.
I’m building my future with him
ev’ry step that I take.
I’m building my future
with him ev’ry step that I take.